I think sedap says grats on 2014 top pvp
thank you very much dude that's crazy
that's crazy that we won that man I'm so
happy I'm so grateful to you guys rock
for making that happen yeah we'll be
traveling hopefully i can still stream
though that'll be cool oh that both of
our parents the parents on both sides
are like crazy happy man they're all
super-excited to makes me happy too hey
dude this druid go but he's like over
here I was right it was over here hit me
dude I wish you would thinking that that
super SWAT to me
must be crazy
I want to put my gargoyle though I guess
it's about idea now
well this hunter is getting trucked want
to get that sneaky sneaky kill on him
though this DK just going in every
fucking good hope I got another nation
after if you don't mind dude thank you
very much though I appreciate it kill
his pet it's guys I'm trying to cleave
us dude we're trying to cleave us hard
if you ask me they're getting out
cleaved well we faked me though still
it's like one if you cast it dude it's
like on this DK right here half homie I
dare you dude
torn asunder little bit the place i'ma
tear this druid asunder right now dude
how come everybody in the mama doesn't
have nots right now this is an outrage I
think that you just brought the dots
everybody that's a good this is good the
dr stun dude Eminem dots even give it
him hots how dare you worst on me
think you know me dude you don't know
anything about me
yeah he's gonna die to my Reaper I can
feel later my bones Oh full stun I'm
gonna be has dots Oh everybody smile
everybody's gonna have dots now Oh
everybody's gonna have dots now here we
go hunter I got a little something for
him to unholy presence right now whoa
look at him boobs all the decays the
saddest sindragosa right there the
killing my warrior dude I'll do that
don't you even think about killing my
warrior come on we're winning this game
you guys are going down I'm doing
maximum tremendo deeps right now look at
that look at this we're gonna maximum
tremendo deeps what I'm talking about
baby taking those guys out taking them
out